# Maharshi-s-Projects
A collection of all my Python projects.
In the B2B _B2C_Ontology.ttl, we define an ideal B2B and B2C scenario using primarily RDF, RDFS and OWL ontologies. We define a large number of classes(such as customer, competitor, seller etc.), MarketObject types( product and application in our case), the stages the MarketObjects are in(Production, Testing, Research) etc, some examples of products and applications (Robotics, Warehousing, Delivery Service), and their respective subclasses( for example, “autonomous_delivery_device” is a further subclass under Delivery Service). We also define a large number of individual objects in this context( for example, "Expanding and Modernizing a Warehouse" for the product “Building”). It can be noted at this point, that we use OWL term owl:sameAs very frequently for the individuals. Then, we define a number of properties, (such as delivers, installs, improves, expands) and use owl:SymmetricProperty for one of them. Finally, we show some examples of classes(all of which are subclasses of the Organization class) and the relations between them.
Hydrogen.ipynb is a project to make an RDF document(statements.ttl) into a more readable format(Hydrogen_Refined_Graph.ttl), with output.txt, output1.txt,output2.txt,output3.txt,output4.txt,prefixes.txt,Prefix_Processing.csv as intermediate steps. The graph Hydrogen_Refined_Graph.ttl is much more query friendly and easy to read.
Finding_Organizations.ipynb was coded in order to extract organization names from statements.ttl. A rule was assumed by me while writing this file, that only organization names in the RDF file started with a capital letter, which was true for most of the cases.
In Hydrogen_Project_1.ipynb, we try to cluster similar products together. This is done using NER tagging and similarity of words present in the URLs of the subjects present in the triples of the graph.
